It is always my hope during group projects that the group comes together and I don't have to do everything on my own, after all that is one of the (expected) benefits of group assignments. During this project, we actually managed to subdivide tasks fairly evenly and make a nice presentation. That said, I am now the 20% of the group responsible for 100% of the postmortem. They probably just turned off slack notification as our project was finished and presented weeks ago. 

In retrospect, the two things that didn't go as planned on the big presentation day, were first of all that we underestimated how long time things would take. This meant that some material got cut, however we front loaded what was really important, so I don't consider that loss significant, especially as the reason things did take more time was questions during the more critical material. During my segment of the presentation, it became more of a 3 way debate between me, Tobias, and another student how's name escapes me now. This did further mess with our time table, however I think it was a good thing, as instead of someone talking about the different perspectives on the scaling of Agile methods, we got a debate about it.

Lastly, we were not really happy with our assessment, as it was kind of tagged on thing that was required at the end of the seminar. The reason we decided to do the assessment as we did is that we believed the assessment had to be individual, as it is part of the examination it would not make sense to do it in groups. As for the results of the assessment, Robin was responsible for dealing with that, so I don't have the results to draw conclusions from here.

By David Escher
